Arrays concept (#104)
exercism/jq: exercises/concept/bird-count/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

> You're an avid bird watcher that keeps track of how many birds have visited your garden in the last seven days.

Reviewer: Personally, I try to avoid contractions in more formal docs.

You have five tasks, all dealing with the numbers of birds that visited your garden.

## 1. Check what the counts were last week

> You store your bird counts in a file of JSON data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You store your bird counts in a file in JSON format
.
```
